docs: Update links to igraph webpage (#780)
igraph/rigraph: README.md

## Documentation

> See the [igraph homepage](https://igraph.org/) for the complete manual.

Reviewer: @krlmlr I think we are referring to the package manual here, so I'd rather rephrase the sentence than change the link.

> See the [igraph homepage](https://igraph.org/) for the complete manual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [igraph package's website](https://igraph.org/) for the complete manual.
```

> See the [igraph package's website](https://igraph.org/) for the complete manual.

Reviewer 2: Let's not call https://igraph.org/ the "package website". That would be https://r.igraph.org/, no?
